# 03pwgen
Password Generator

## Description

For this project the primary objective was to create the script for a password generator.
This was done by promting the user how long they want their password to be, then it is
confirmed whether or not they would like the different types of characters, uppercase, lowercase
special, or number. This app functions using pop-ups, then displays the generated password on the page. For copy paste.


## Installation

To open the project just visit this url: https://lsoth.github.io/03pwgen/

## Usage

This password is generated by clicking the red password generator button, then by answering
prompts that come after. 


## Credits

For this project I referenced classwork and group miniprojects.

I also referenced these websites:

https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_loop_for.asp

https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String/concat


## Licence

MIT License

Copyright (c) [2021] [LeoneSoth]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
